foreign
[Music]
I got it my beard that beard is all beef
you have a beefy beer yeah hold on let's
get into the podcast hello and welcome
to episode 102 of the face podcast my
name is Jeff Ramsey with me as always
Andrew Panton Gavin Free this is uh just
for posterity's sake this is year two
season four uh Andrew you have a beard
yeah I have a beard currently I don't
know what you look like my mentor it is
just never never right you need to
describe yourself every month just so
I've got a good Mentor yeah okay well
it's the same as before I have short
hair that's that's still the same and I
have a beard currently how long is the
beers like a jack beard no it's like a
small it's not it's it's a it's a very
mediocre beard full coverage or is it
like trimmed it is a little coverage but
it's just not like super full it's not a
great beard you don't sound like you
have a beard yeah I do I can tell you I
can smell it right now I got Bobble in
it from the pop and it is not good
smells worse than it tastes yeah I think
I'd agree in my experience having had
salad cream prior to that it being
frozen made it so much worse I had
something about the smell and the
texture not even froze just super cold
it wasn't it wasn't Frozen at all what
did it do to the texture did it make it
more congealed was it more solid or was
it just very cold it was more congealed
it felt more solid and just it has such
a strong taste and it's just so
overpowering that was gross I hate that
we did frozen pops and my favorite
beverage of cold my cold my cold
beverage of choice Coke was the one that
wasn't picked the only my favorite cold
thing was the one that was left off oh
you know I I will say through the course
of spending that week in the UK and then
going to that Community Meetup I talked
to a lot of people uh bovral pretty
universally not loved but every single
person to a fault loves salad cream and
uh Branson pickle hell couldn't say
enough good things about them yeah they
were very very popular over there
apparently I'm so glad I didn't go with
Ransom pickle that was a consideration
of one of the Ice Pop flavors frozen
breast and pickle would be very
interesting I wasn't sure if I'd be able
to freeze it with its the texture of it
and like the contents I wasn't sure how
that would equal out but sour cream
certainly didn't work well I think we
have some new recipes for the face Cooks
the food Jesus Christ cookbook when we
finally make it so since we do you wanna
you wanna ask your questions now since
it's fresh in your mind another episode
another two guesses for you both yeah
Gavin you go first uh was this person in
fluke face no oh [__]
oh God he needs to come up with like a
list possible people you have a question
Jeff that you'd like to ask then maybe
it will help Gavin with his guess I
can't it's I'm I'm struggling I'm
struggling to remember what we've
already asked I want to ask but I'm
scared I've already asked okay if
they're related to if they're like one
of the online lawyers if they're related
to that whole segment I don't I also
don't remember if you've asked that but
I'll just say no they're not okay okay
another clue out with the rate we're
currently going why didn't you yeah why
you're putting me on the spot I don't
want to just give it away with a clue I
don't trust myself to not give a very I
will say okay so a previous question you
had asked was has anybody gotten this
correct yet there have been lots of
comments about it and I said not fully
that is no longer the case one person
has made a completely correct guess as
far as what this is I'm gonna have to
sift through comments so season two
can I tell you my my the worst guess
that anyone's made so far is it the one
I made last no it's actually worse this
is I'd be impressed if you uh if you had
a worse guess than this one and this was
done in a message that was uh very sweet
so it wasn't like a bit they just they
didn't have an awareness of this and I
didn't know how to reply to it they
guessed that the voice was Norm
Macdonald
but a dead B exceptionally distinctive
voice and Cadence that's a double layer
it's the worst guess by far if I was
able to get somebody who was dead to do
the previously on could you imagine
bringing somebody back to just do a
previously odd voice that was why they
came back I mean the previously on voice
the guy sounds like he's got a surfboard
in his hands and that's not what Norm
Macdonald sounds like no no it does not
but that's been my favorite of the the
worst guesses I've gotten by far so that
being said do you have a guest Jeff is
it uh is it Billy Ripken it's not I wish
that would be great one now yeah I don't
I know it's I know it's not it's way too
young I just don't know what else to ask
yeah that's fair process of elimination
totally we should probably write down
your questions and guesses throughout
this I also appreciate that you went
with one that I think you already asked
when Nick wrote out a much better guess
that you just didn't use well you were
saying oh I wasn't looking at the uh at
the Discord let me see oh yeah yeah I
think it sounds too young to be your
Barber I considered that as well
interesting because your Barber's like
105. no that was my old one I got a new
guy I knew much younger I swapped
swapped out gab do you want to ask a
question you still or you can still make
a guess uh was it a delivery driver that
you've had in the past no it's not I
thought you already guessed too that's
how much these popsicles have taken out
of me now I asked a question I don't
think okay he didn't make it I'm still
I'm still Gathering from that so Jeff
went to the UK what did you do Gavin
since we last recorded I was just here
you're just here we played Halo we did
play Halo it was very weird Gavin
brought up that it's because you were in
the UK Jeff that it's the first time I
think we've not recorded an episode
because you were like it wasn't him so
him just being available for the week
it's a very strange thing like it's an
odd Rhythm to get out of it's nice when
we're weekly usually when Jeff's gone
and I'm still here I get pulled into off
topic or something but that didn't
happen I'm not sure knew that face was
off but yeah I ended up just having a
free period well just played Halo with
you as I did my taxes we had an exciting
well you were away Jeff we had so much
fun Gavin did nothing and I filed taxes
I was waiting for you to get home from
your taxes yeah it sounds like you guys
really took advantages
I was very excited to see you texted me
Jeff you were now watching The Challenge
one of my favorite reality shows of all
time yeah with Survivor yeah I uh I
started watching it I don't remember
well I think we're just in the hotel
room and board and it was on and I was
like [__] it let's give this a shot and
I've I honestly forgot about it until
this moment so thank you you for
reminding me that I need to finish
watching that show because I was quite
enjoying it I found that the uh the
challenges to the challenge you know
I'll say half of the half of the
enjoyment of reality TV for me is
watching people just like just mishandle
their lives the other half of reality TV
that I enjoy is watching games that
people play like the inventiveness the
creation of the games it's why I love uh
that's why I enjoy Big Brothers
sometimes obviously why I like Survivor
and the challenge has some really
interesting like legitimately physically
demanding uh maybe more so even than
Survivor challenges and I'm kind of
fascinated by that like they are no joke
the challenges yeah they they get
ridiculous and it's for me it's a great
mix of the social politics of Survivor
but from much Dumber trashier people
yeah and then all the same people like
there's a guy on there named CT who I
think he did his first challenge when he
was 27 he's 41 now I want to say and
he's been on essentially every season so
it's like you have all this buildup of
[__] from like decades that's also
interesting like it is it is such a like
uh like you see people like the season I
watched there's somebody I recognize
from Survivor on so that was cool yes uh
and there was somebody from Big Brother
who I didn't know but it's cool to see
the inner the interplay of of different
reality shows but mostly there seems to
be a core group of people who uh just
live in this challenge yes uh universe
and it's their entire lives to the point
where they're like they'll I interesting
Dynamics the first people that get voted
out are people that are on the show for
the first time like the worst thing you
can do is be on your first season of
that show you were instantly gone
they're like you gotta pay your dues you
gotta take your lumps get the [__] out
of here see you next year and then uh
it's like brutal they don't even care
they're just like yeah it's your first
time get the [__] out and for other
people it's like a full-time job it's
like their entire lives yeah that's all
they do and it's it's just it's an
absurd there's so many great as it's
progressed it's gotten more into the
physical side and it being really
challenging on the earlier Seasons it
was just like a giant party where people
were [__] up they had to dye all the
Vodka because people were smuggling them
in their water bottles to do the
challenges and just getting drunk like
while they were competing there'd be
time where cast members would just like
leave and go into the City and they'd
have to shut down production for like
four days because three of the
contestants were just partying in Africa
and they lost them and it's now a much
less fun show but way more serious it's
just dumb there's so much great
pettiness to it I think dumb is the
great way to describe it it's like if
you're not familiar with that show it's
like all the the dumbest people on
Temptation Island and love Island but
who aggressively want to win a contest a
competition yes like the goal is not to
find love love is like a byproduct of
apparently getting drunk enough and
being available in the night but uh they
legitimately want to win these physical
competitions so it's all it's like it's
like the it's like the dumbest meatiest
per people going head-to-head it's
[__] great I'm gonna send you a post
Club one of I think the greatest edited
videos of all time I've shown this to
Eric before somebody added together an
argument between two CT who I mentioned
and another regular named Wes watch this
Gavin it's like 60 seconds long I feel
like this summarizes the energy of the
show fully it's a fantastic breakdown
all right should we watch this right now
yeah let's play is this guy Hammett oh
yeah
this is what the show is it's just
aggressively screaming
all he does is smash heads
is this as is in the show like how it
was edited uh no this is somebody okay
it's unfortunately censored When You See
It live but just die die die
the time steps are so funny
Brad I hope they ran that as a trailer
so a great thing about CT is he was
banned for like six seasons because he
kept fighting people he [__] the guy
up like they couldn't it took like seven
security guards to hold him back and he
just annihilated the tiniest guy on the
cast but he's back now he's now a
lovable character which one was CT in
that club CT was the die die die die the
other guy is a bad guy on the season I'm
watching yes and he's always been a bad
guy he's been like a bad guy forever one
of my favorite I mean not to go too deep
on the challenge my favorite like Petty
dumb thing is there is this issue where
a woman had a note left in her bed
saying that I know you're just sleeping
with him for his Vote or something like
that and it caused all this drama and
then the notes started getting left out
throughout the whole season they're like
who the [__] is leaving notes and like
they're trying to they have they made
everybody write down one of the messages
to try to like match the writing and
then somebody revealed that him and his
sister wrote all the notes before they
came on like he had his sister write
them so it wouldn't match anybody and
they're just generic messages that he
wanted to apply throughout the season so
like it wasn't aimed at anyone specific
you just had this bag of notes that he
could deploy and it caused complete
chaos in the house it's fantastic it's a
great series I would highly recommend
anybody watch the challenge especially
the earlier seasons of it the other
night I watched Being John Malkovich
which I hadn't seen in a long time have
you ever seen that I've never seen it
I've always wanted to I hear it's so
good it's I mean it's weird it's pretty
good yeah I was watching it and I was
like this is so weird I wonder how this
I wouldn't know what to do if I was hard
of hearing right now because there's a
bit where basically one woman is in love
with Cameron Diaz but only when Cameron
Diaz is inside John Malkovich so they
like me up but only when she's in
Malkovich and it's at one point they
start having sex and like different
people are talking like you could hear
Cameron DS and you can hear John
Malkovich and you could hear the other
woman I was like what the hell is going
what is what are the subtitles doing
right now and I just turned on the
subtitles and I just laughed my ass off
just says unzipping and then just both
characters and exploding I was like yeah
I mean
sure it would be honestly the most
confusing movie to watch without one of
your senses I I recommend watching it
though so it's weird as [__] I'll add it
to my list I need to watch uh The Long
Kiss Goodnight that's right on my Q now
that's a great movie we were that's a
terrible movie that's a great movie you
talk about it's a
uh what's her face and uh Samuel
Jackson's in it too right yes so I
haven't seen it Renny Harlan is my
favorite schlock director of all time I
don't think he's ever made a genuinely
good movie but he makes really fun bad
movies like consistently is it Gina
Davis who's the yeah I think that's
right yeah like a sleeper agent or
something and she doesn't realize she's
like chopping up the vegetables and then
she's like a [__] badass she doesn't
really oh that was a I saw that movie in
the theater I haven't seen it since so
maybe it doesn't hold up after 30 years
but I remember loving it I'm excited to
see it Eric is live why are we should I
they collect this oh let's watch Eric
watching Eric
I wanted to show you guys I didn't open
it in the chat but I got the shirt
are we good to go can I send can I send
that yes yes I think that's good yes
yeah okay I just wanted oh yeah all
right so just for people at home just so
you know because we can't put it in the
chat this is because that's a great
Point that's the sneaky great Okay cool
so I'll I'll let them know to send it by
the time you listen to this episode I
don't know if you can still get this
shirt you could try
but the anal passage shirt uh is was on
sale and is now probably gone so I hope
you enjoyed fantastic
when are we is that going up tomorrow at
noon when is yeah wait uh people are
only going to be able to buy it without
before the podcast came yeah I think
they're let me read you the description
for the shirt which I've lifted from the
annual pass shirt uh theme parks are
opening their gates in the scent of
fresh chili dogs hangs in the air it's
anal passage season and that means it's
time to grab a new AP Marquis tea to
celebrate the Most Wonderful Time of the
Year listen to episode 101.
that's fantastic that's fantastic that's
gonna be a great little Easter egg for
people to find it oh man yes I was
worried in between episodes that Jack
would be genuinely mad at that one well
then you said it's gonna it's gonna come
out and release before he could react to
it like it sounds like that shirt will
be available tomorrow
doesn't matter I guess I released a
[__] a face shirt of him with his
dumb bald head that was up for like four
days and then told him he could get
revenge on me whenever he wanted to and
he's too lazy to do it so I wouldn't
worry too much even if he is mad he's
just gonna stew with his own juices he's
not gonna do anything about it
um so so this will go on sale at the
time of this recording it'll go until
tomorrow at the time of you listening to
this episode it will have already been
on sale and you can no longer get it I
assume uh we assume yeah say if if we're
on the subject of shirts can I bring
something up real quick that uh of
course me and Andrew were in the uh yeah
we were in the merch meeting uh earlier
today and um we got the numbers for the
regulation listener and comment lever
shirts and they didn't they did well
however one did way better than the
other though regulation listener did
like five times the numbers that content
or that that comment lever did and I
need people to really take a long hard
look at themselves if they're a
regulation listener or a comment leaver
because I have a feeling there were a
lot of people who bought regulation
listener shirts who are truly common
Believers I have absolute proof of this
where it on the the face Twitter account
just as a joke to myself like it was we
tweeted are you a regulation listener
are you a comment lever and a lot of
people like the first five were all like
I'm right I'm a regulation listener it's
like I don't think you understand how
this works you need to buy the other
shirt if you go on the subreddit it's
like these people who like jump through
these hoops on well I'm leaving a
comment here but it's not on the show so
really I'm a regulation listener and
it's like no you're leaving a comment on
yeah
your comment lever you've left a comment
the joy in my head of this entire
premise is you know like if you're in an
audience or whatever it'd be like
everybody was commonly for say hey like
there'd be like a big response everybody
who's a regulation listener just nothing
that's what's funny to me about like
there should be zero response it should
seem like an empty room I mean it makes
total sense though that the regulation
list of sells better because there are
more it does people who don't comment
but I don't the numbers indicate to me
that there is a discrepancy in people
that are just not as Eric said coming to
terms with the fact that you're in fact
a common leader it's either people align
to themselves or they're just confused
because I think regulation listener just
as itself plays in a really funny way
it's not indicative of anything it's
just you regulation listen like if
somebody saw someone wear that without
any context like it means nothing it
means they listen to things I guess but
there's an absolute comment lever denial
happening
and it's okay to be a comment leaver I'm
a comment lever yeah I'm way more
comment lever than yeah comment on other
stuff a lot of other people's stuff uh I
comment I've commented on stuff relating
to the show yeah yeah but that's you're
on this show that doesn't count no I'm
definitely comment lever I've commented
on the show you can't comment leave your
own show you absolutely can yeah that's
a ridiculous thing that's not weird
though it's weird to leave a comment on
someone else's show that's the whole
point of a comment lever isn't it I
would maybe argue it's more weird to
comment publicly on a show that I'm on
when I don't need when I have channels
internally to do it I think it's maybe
weirder that I'm doing it but Eric's
whole point was like who leaves a
comment but me on the show it makes
sense for you to leave the comment nah I
don't think it does if I'm just
commenting about it sometimes you know I
might just say hey good app get out I
think it's good we need to include
people who've never even heard of the
show we need one that's just a shirt
buyer
you want
you want a shirt that just says shirt
buyer like I don't think that would
understand if they don't understand
comment lever and regulation list though
that it like need to reply but they
would never buy the shirt they need to
know to get to the shirt what are you
talking about so then they would be so
then you have a shirt that says
non-shirt buyer no you can't have a
shirt this is non-shirt buyer because
that's impossible you're saying Gavin
like a Lost Child they somehow end up in
the store and then they don't know what
to buy so they need a shirt that fit
they need to understand the premise like
the person you're describing doesn't
exist they're an impossibility you find
yourself on this on the receipt store
and you see two options and you think I
don't know what either of those mean but
I'll buy a shirt
I'm on this site to buy a shirt didn't
mean to be here but I'm locked in and
committed to buying a shirt I don't know
what any of these mean I guess I'm a
Surefire
what percentage there'd be like I would
buy that shirt too but not for the
reasons that you're listing that's an
insane logical I think we need an option
for people who don't listen to the show
hey this is why would we sell a shirt
for people who don't listen what if all
right what if because what how about I I
agree with you Gavin and I'm okay
I'm saying we could tweak it what if
instead of a shirt buyer because you
might want to give it to somebody as a
gift and if you receive a shirt buyer as
a gift you may not be a sure buyer what
if we just had to show that said shirt
wearer oh this is everyone this is so
seven billion people on Earth all wear
shirts I assume I feel like it should
just we couldn't have we couldn't have a
because aware if you're wearing a shirt
that's a shirt wear that's redundant
you're clearly a shirt wearer it doesn't
wearing a shirt that says shirt is
redundant no it's not well what do you
mean it's a shirt
it's a shirt it's a T-shirt and Alyssa's
shirt on it's a clarification of what it
is yeah but you need you need the verb
yeah and it needs you can't just have
[__] there needs to be an action on the
shirt yeah a beaver regulations
like I like [__] have it because you
don't even need to put it on it
this is so insane let us know we're
absolutely not gonna make a shirt have
her shirt unless there is an
overwhelming amount of uh of uh demand
if you want a shirt having a shirt
lettuce you can't let us know you can't
listen because then you'd be a comment
lever yeah it's impossible
Sinner's word for it because because
then they become comment levers so then
they have to become shirt havers this is
really oh man no that's a good point Not
only would they not leave a comment they
won't even hear this because it's not
for them well the problem is super
complicated well I guess not because
they will leave a comment on Instagram
and just say it wasn't a comment and
just continue as as they exist how is it
not a comment it's definitely common I
think well to define a comment I think
it's anything I think it's anything you
went somewhere online and typed
something yeah yeah I think if you want
yeah I think it's a good classification
I think so Nick is saying uh is a
message a comment like a DM if you
message me about a show I can't stress
enough how you're a comment lever
because I don't want to read it I don't
want to see it but you sure are
commenting about what we're doing so
absolutely you're a comment lever that's
almost an extra comment lever because
you're getting really pointed and
focused with the comment yeah two that's
too focused for a comment yeah I don't
like it so that's a that's a no to the
uh shirt buyer I think let's just try to
get through the anal passage and then
we'll see what happens otherwise we're
averaging at one shirt per show by the
time this comes out we'll definitely be
through the anal passage I don't think
that's good
well that's great because anal passage
will be sold out and some people out
there might want to buy a shirt sold out
is a fun way to say forcefully pulled
down I appreciate your flip before wait
hang on you're saying that people might
want the anal passage shirt but it's not
theirs so they'll have to buy a shirt
have her shirt
gift for somebody in your life and
you're not sure what to get them maybe
they're hard to shop for I got news for
you everybody wears a shirt and if you
have a shirt you're a shirt Haver go
ahead and buy them a shirt Haver shirt
it'll be super appropriate is Heather or
what what do you care
seventy percent of the [__] that comes
out of your mouth isn't a word well
Haver I don't know is really a word but
Haver is and it's Scottish to talk
foolishly so I think we're really
havering Perfect all right well uh we'll
we'll shelf that for now
I just realized is the bother pop two
uniform inventions in one is that the
beef bracelet mixed with uh too spicy
too spicy well do me a favor eat some
some Spicy Thai food or Indian food or
something and then shove that Bob pop up
your [__] and let me know if it
relieves the pain if it doesn't then it
probably doesn't work in that capacity
okay but if it does then yeah oh sure
owner says Nick shirt outer I'm I'm a
definite shirt owner do you have a go
back to movies for me you're a bid Haver
as well uh currently yeah that's that's
officially correct I cannot wait for us
to be done and I could have a shower to
get the smell of beef just um just I
need to I need this so bad I'm
struggling through this I wonder when
that cow was alive
uh that's a that's a fascinating
question do you think that's a
pre-pandemic Bob I don't you think I
don't think you're talking about a cow I
think you're talking about a couple
thousand cows probably comprised into
that one pop just like a vat of cow Chum
yeah yeah I just ate a field of cow yeah
you ate half an Argentinian Farm oh yeah
you ate elements of lots of cows oh I
hate I've never thought how many
chickens are in like a thing of nuggets
like a a McNugget box like a six piece
yeah it's a ton it's a ton I don't know
if that makes me feel better or worse
about that like if somebody said you
just ate ate layer I think that's
upsetting but if it's so many I can't
possibly know the name
personally as opposed to you just ate
Larry and everyone he's ever known yeah
like it's it's too much it's like when
you certain once you hit a certain
threshold of numbers it's like it
doesn't matter it's all the same I think
it's I think it would be worse if you
knew the chicken's name yeah never ask a
chicken's name
word to the wise yeah it's a good tip
foreign
episode is sponsored by Honey the easy
way to save When shopping on your iPhone
or computer I left online shop it's the
main way I shop I hate going into the
store dealing with lines all that is an
annoyance so I shop online as much as
possible but when it comes to checkout I
never have a coupon code ready thanks to
Honey manually searching for coupon
codes is the thing of the past honey is
the free shopping tool that scours the
internet for promo codes and applies the
best one it finds to your cart how it
works is imagine you're shopping at one
of your favorite sites when you check
out the honey button appears and all you
have to do is Click apply coupons wait a
few seconds as honey searches for
coupons it can find for that site if
honey finds a working coupon you'll
watch the prices drop immediately I
recently used honey to save money on
clothing uh so many sites I go to though
it's just so much fun to just hit the
button find coupons you save yourself
money it's great it's a fantastic
service but did you know that honey
doesn't just work on desktop it works on
your iPhone too just activate it on
Safari on your phone and save it on the
go if you don't already have honey it
could be be straight up missing out and
by getting it you'll be doing yourself a
solid and supporting the show I'd never
recommend something I don't use get
honey for free at joinhoney.com face
that's joinhoney.com face
you know what sucks is all of the
advantages that big businesses have over
the little guy like having more access
to funding on top of getting better
rates and other privileges reserved for
the top docs if you run an e-commerce
business you probably feel like it's
about time people stop treating
Ecommerce Giants better just because
they're bigger and you're absolutely
right that's why ship station gives
e-commerce sellers of all sizes access
to the same deeply discounted rates
usually reserved for Fortune 500
companies no wonder shipstation is
already trusted by over a hundred
thousand sellers terrified of dealing
with international shipping don't be
shipstation makes it a breeze to ship
anywhere around the world so scale away
shipstation can handle it saving money
while making shipping easier it's a
no-brainer I mean if the money I could
save I could send an armada porta
potties to Jeff's house once again do a
round two ship station doesn't just save
you money but that's a good place to
start you get deeply discounted shipping
rates normally reserved for Fortune 500
companies shipstation works with over 45
carriers easily compare rates and
delivery times to quickly find the best
option every time works with over 300
platforms like Amazon eBay Etsy and more
to automate processes like fulfillment
and tracking so you can save time
managing orders in fact 98 of the
companies that you ship station for a
year keep using it for as long as
they're in business don't let the big
guys keep all the good discounts for
themselves sign up using promo code face
for a free day 60-day trial today at
shipstation.com and start saving with
every shipment that's two whole months
of discounted shipping absolutely free
just go to shipstation.com click on the
microphone at the top of the page and
type in face ship station makes ship
happen
this ad is brought to you by raycon
lately I've been listening to a lot of
Randy Newman and it's been great one of
the reasons it's been great to listen to
because I use my raycon wireless earbuds
to do it raycon's everyday earbuds look
feel and sound better than ever with
optimized gel tips for the perfect
in-ear fit these earbuds are so
comfortable and they will not budge
trust me raycon offers three sound
profiles to match what you're listening
to plus noise isolation and awareness
mode so you can choose to be immersed in
sound or be able to hear your
surroundings when you need to
uh raycon is a great product whether
you're listening to music or audiobooks
is fantastic it's great to go on the go
with and they give you eight hours of
play time and 32 hour battery life then
when you need to charge it's super easy
you can even do it wirelessly and this
is a huge selling point with raycons you
get the same quality of audio as other
premium audio Brands but at half the
price yes really but that doesn't mean
they won't last I've seen people talking
about their raycons falling three
stories getting lost in the rain and
snowstorms and still working afterwards
it's no wonder raycon's everyday earbuds
have over 49 000 5 Star reviews check
out raycon's wireless earbuds my guess
is that you're going to want to leave
them a five-star review too go to buy
raycon.com face today they get 15 off
your rake on order that's buy raycon.com
face to score 15 off buy recon.com face
hey how's the how's the how's the um
like the kitchen tabletop going at your
house you got any any new uh
conversations with your mom no no I
haven't I haven't had I had she said one
thing that was that is really funny but
I don't know if it plays at all so I I
talked about the friend it's been
guessed a lot this person Jake my friend
Jake it's not Jake I could tell
immediately it wasn't yeah it's
definitely not Jake but he's brought
it's wild to me that people even know
Jake like I don't feel like I've talked
about Jake all that much uh Jake will
play games and then he will get really
angry about things he'll just scream
things he'll get very aggressive and uh
he he in a fit of rage I don't remember
what I was doing as I did something to
him and he called my mom a [__] an anger
what and
he and I I told her that in conversation
and so we were grocery shopping the
other day I was with her and um she was
going through a tough thing but she
loves babies like she was having a bad
day and I noticed that the car next to
me there was a baby in it I was like oh
look at the baby and the baby was
feeding and it was like drinking out of
a bottle and my mom said I'm surprised
she's not breastfeeding when you were
when you were a kid they always used to
say breast is best and I said uh I said
that's what Jake says all the time just
for no reason and then she immediately
replied the only breast Jake is getting
is chicken she doesn't like Jake now
because of
the because and then she like cut a
promo and she's like and you can tell
him that because I know he called me a c
word and I'm not a fan of that so [__]
Jake essentially oh this is wild I did
not expect her to slam Jake and she
slammed him yes that's probably roasted
him she absolutely roasted Jake so
that's the most recent funny
conversation I guess I've had with my
mom I assume she actually said the
phrase seawood and not the c word uh no
she said c word she didn't say the
actual word she said that's the c word
yeah yeah do you think your mom has ever
said that word out loud no I
I've said it there to her if I said it
in gen well no I guess never mind I was
gonna say she'd think it was a
fictitious word she's very sheltered
like when it comes to the language and
uh butt plugs as established but outside
of that there's not too many updates
with her you have a favorite Bad
director Jeff the way that I love Ronnie
Harlan favorite Bad director like they
don't make good movies but you're a fan
of their work is there any Harlan is my
guy he made Die Hard 2 uh the long kiss
goodnight one of my favorite movies ever
just due to how bad it is mind Hunters
fantastic 12 rounds with John Cena one
of the great WWE movies Cliffhanger
Cliffhanger like all he does is schlock
I guess it depends on what you consider
bad like uh one of my favorite directors
from my entire life and I I guess could
fit into that category uh but I don't
think he's a bad director at all I think
he's brilliant and I think what he's
doing is brilliant satire but I would
say John Waters you know but I think a
lot of people would have trouble
watching John Waters films but I'm a
huge huge huge John Waters fan he's a
great director yeah but I mean I ca you
know I you show Pink Flamingos to to 10
people and 10 out of 10 are going to say
it's a bad movie it's a tough yeah I was
so I've seen all of the Alvin and the
Chipmunk movies and in the last one they
made John Waters has a cameo in it and I
don't know who that was for it was one
of the streams I've ever seen like Alvin
is on the plane and John Waters is there
as John Waters and it's like you're John
Waters and I'm like who the [__] why is
he here like it's great I love him
that's awesome because he's getting paid
in a kid's like in a kids movie that
came out in like 2016 like what is why
is John Waters it's sort of like the
tuxedo James Brown like I'd love to know
why that Cameo like what was the choice
that's one of my questions for Kevin
Donovan still haven't heard back we're
still waiting maybe one day yeah I'm
sure he's busy I uh oh go ahead Jeff I
was gonna ask Gavin if he had a favorite
Bad director I couldn't really think
about could I I was saying uh like Brett
ratness sucks but I've enjoyed rush hour
and stuff although nah like X-Men three
was a piece of dog [__] it wasn't even
it was no it wasn't it's not good not
good so last episode we had Dodge the
Bob that was that was a big game because
this all started because Jeff he called
me out he said I didn't have the content
I wasn't I didn't bring anything so I
wanted to make sure I had games for the
next time we recorded we to dodge the
Bob game one I got game two for you this
is an exciting thing that I came up with
I gotta say that one minor throw away
joke I made just to get under your skin
at the last minute right before I shut
down the podcast and you couldn't uh
retaliate has really no I just wanted
you know what you made me reflect so I
want to make sure I had games for this
one as stated uh I'm gonna need some
assistance immediately Gavin what was
the name do you remember when you'd walk
in the snow and you'd see if there were
Footprints if somebody died guess who's
dead guess who's dead this is guess
who's dead round two guess who might be
dead I think guess who might be dead
round two the movie version so I was I
was uh I don't know I don't remember
where I was but I saw online an image
for I guess Anaconda just turned 25
years old like within the last two weeks
great it was the 25th anniversary of
that release and it is a fantastic movie
and so I clicked it Eric Stoltz eats a
bug and then he can't and then he just
disappears in the movie he does but he
lives yeah so this was the image they
used for the article of anaconda has
turned 25 years old I'll post it right
now we're an audio show I will describe
it it is JLo reaching out not really
minimal effort I would say at this point
an ice cube is surrounded by an anaconda
screaming in pain yeah yeah if you were
to look at that photo you would think
definitively that there's no way that
ice cube would get out of that situation
yet he did he survived he survives in
that movie so I figured I would take
some photos I blank the name of the game
Kevin what's the look
guess who might be dead too I have taken
some moments from a movie I will post
the photo describe the photo I'll say
the character name say the actor name
and you can tell me if you think that
they died or not okay in that scene and
well not necessarily in that scene it's
a it could be maybe later they just have
to survived the movie or not survive the
move you're not but these are all
moments in which you look at it you go
oh that doesn't look too good maybe they
lived what if a character comes back to
life does that count as they died well
well maybe uh I don't know that will
encounter that I guess when we count it
this next one is deep blue sea is the
film the character's name is Jim
Whitlock played by stellen Skarsgard
he's got his hand out there big shark
Big Shark's about the looks like he's
gonna bite his hand does he die does he
live does he die I'm gonna say yes yes
he dies he dies yeah I think just
because almost every single person dies
I think I think was ello Cool J in that
one didn't he hide in a wasn't he he did
yep he's a chef he is a parrot he was he
was in that film so you everybody's
saying that he lived or he died sorry
yeah you think he's dead that is correct
everybody gets a point for deep blue sea
do you do you uh post the next
screenshot of him actually being killed
no I don't because it's it's uh it's
extremely it's extremely graphic all of
the stuff that is related to his death
uh
kind of a trend you'll find uh the next
movie we're pulling a classic classic
film big franchise mission impossible
one oh we have Emilio we have Jack
Harmon played by Emilio Estevez in a
film uh he's he's in an elevator the
elevator gets hacked it's going up he's
stuck on top of it the thing pops out
does Jack Harmon live killed by a guy in
Anaconda that is that is a poll he dies
instantly right there he does he does he
dies like three frames from now he does
it's the three three so everybody that's
at this point for everybody yeah every
free frame death okay now we're gonna go
to the next film on uh is he is he dead
I like this game volume two you're a big
fan of this game yeah okay the next film
is Jesus Christ Superstar
this Fella's got himself in a real
predicament
stuck out there
question was so bad
character name is Jesus Christ
and the character the actor named Ted
Neely
uh Gavin go you go ahead and go Andrew
was this the part of the show that you
said we might have to cut yeah yeah it
was I mean he he dies for a while yeah I
don't I don't necessarily know how to
answer this one
I think it can work both ways I'm gonna
say yes yeah I think that's okay I think
that's correct I think you all get
points and and that is the game that is
the end of round one of is he dead too
part two
oh my God you mean guess who might be
dead guess who might be dead volume two
that's what it was I can't wait for us
to play that okay
man I wanted to make sure I had games
because Jeff brought up that I didn't
have a thing so I want to make sure I
had a thing I was guessing instead
volume two I was thinking of characters
who have died and came back to life like
I was thinking in my head of like Rachel
Weiss in the second mummy movie and then
you pull up
to find that one as I just generally
just kind of excited to hear what you
guys thought
I think it's a great game
well you really you really knocked it
out of the park on that one I hope I
hope the religious audience doesn't
crucify you for it oh
hey oh man I was just I wanted to make
sure I had a game I just wanted to
contribute make sure oh that took away
Eric is live again are you streaming
again Eric what do we got going on now
oh Eric just purchased a shirt are you
[__] serious already so uh they asked
who wanted him and I said all five of us
yes uh so we should you should be
getting confirmation emails shortly uh
so we will be getting the face anal
Passage
it's the greatest thing I just looked in
the merch stack when you said wanna
remake this shirt but make it say anal
passage and Tony just said is that an
official wish
uh wish granted we got it
oh I got my confirmation emails too
now we should all have that shirt very
soon
what an insane way to come back to this
show to have a watch piece to go up in
half an hour and like yeah and by the
time people hear this I don't think they
can get it no it's gonna be a weird
thing where we could open this is
genuinely a previously odd episode yeah
everything that they've listened to is
an event that happened prior to that
they cannot experience anymore you know
when I was in London I had a day where
it was a quite a sunny gorgeous day and
I was walking around Hyde Park and uh
just kind of uh taking in the The
Greenery and I I got quite reflective
thinking about the fact that we had just
done a hundred episodes of face and I
was really nervous about episode 100
turned out my fears were unwarranted I
was just like any time I'm like I'm
working on a bit and my attention is a
little divided I never know I don't have
a good handle on whether it was a good
or not and so I like I think I
immediately it was one of those podcasts
where I immediately hit up Andrew and
Gavin and was like tell me it was good
you know because I don't know and then
so I was like wondering if people were
gonna dig it or not and uh and then I
was just thinking about like everything
that we've done in 100 episodes and how
it almost felt like a complete bookended
story and then I was thinking like what
is 100 on one on gonna be like and I
really had no idea I felt like for a
while there I kind of have a handle on
things and then we're kind of entering
into Uncharted Territory it was like a
process to get us to a hundred and then
you like sit back and you're like well I
don't know where the [__] we're going
with this thing now couldn't have
guessed any of this yeah uh anal passage
and is Jesus died damn uh it it just
keeps on it's as much as it's a surprise
to the audience it is as much so to me
as well I didn't think I would puke one
episode afterwards like as soon as we
finished a hundred my immediate thought
wasn't I'm gonna vomit next episode that
would have been high on my face bingo
card actually it was you vomiting really
yeah that's pretty that's like the fifth
time an episode is ended that way and
it's still great every time it's the
best way to end an episode is with your
audible discomfort did you have fun in
Hyde Park yeah dude that place is
awesome I like London a lot did you have
as much fun as this
I didn't remember
I'll be honest I don't remember doing
that you don't remember the pedal boat
in a my [__]
I guess I tell it how that must have
been a million years ago Eric brings up
a great point of you are wearing two
pairs of sunglasses Jeff
there was probably a reason for that oh
that's so cute 20 uh July 2010. look at
us so much younger ah they weren't
running the boats while I was there but
I walked right by that spot actually
where does the time go uh one of us aged
well we're almost at two years yeah so I
think people figured out the 2037 would
be episode a thousand uh like Jesus late
summer 2037 well 2037. what's already 39
Oh my God I was I was reading the
comments on episode 100 on the on the
roostee site and somebody mentioned was
like uh I don't know if I'll be around
for episode 1000 because I'm almost 70
now but uh and I was like I messaged him
and I'm like you better [__] be
around for episode 1000 like I'll I'll
put some money into keeping you alive
but the idea that we have somebody who's
listening to the show on purpose who's
almost 70 just warms my [__] heart
and it just means that we appeal to all
ages of degenerate I love it you think
that's real I assume so I don't know why
would somebody lie about their age going
that way I don't know you have doubt
Gavin yeah
I wonder who is the oldest listener well
let's get him a shot and they can buy it
and then we'll know who it is we should
get his shirts as old as listener but
only one person can buy it yeah and they
have to if there's if an older listener
comes along they have to mail it to that
person
oh man oh God you know another comment I
saw that was pretty interesting I know
we talked about it last episode but you
told what has got to be a
I don't know top five moment in in uh of
all time on this show which was your uh
bloody peer story in in Melbourne
Australia the blood wind the blood wind
yeah and somebody said uh that guy was
probably saw you alone on the pier it
was probably coming to rob you and you
got extremely lucky uh and they they
pieced out of there because uh their
their plan was foiled and I thought I
kind of hope that's true I gotta hope
you guys but I'm about to get mugged at
nine in the morning
yeah here in Melbourne yeah yeah I mean
it's possible and then let's gust of
wind saved me from like 10 feet away
divine intervention yeah yeah yeah I saw
that comment it's pretty funny is there
any other you don't have to say it is
there any other stories like that that
you've been on the fence about telling
or is that it
um I don't know it's hard to tell which
ones I've told on the other podcasts I
mean that's that's weird yeah I have to
like try and remember what I've told I
just meant in general like that was a
story that you had never told like that
was just never been said before and yeah
I'm probably not sitting on anything as
heavy as that one yeah that's what I was
curious about I'm trying to think if I
because you I remember when we started
the show I had like 30 you talking about
Jeff like we're trying to get to a
hundred I think when we started I had an
outline of 30 things that I felt
confident I could talk about that could
be like a baby be an episode like 30
episodes so the premise of us hitting
100 was definitely for me like how [__]
are we gonna let you just have to not
tell a story every two episodes yeah or
just like okay I've got 30 30 feel
really good about the next 30.
come after the
after that's why things like the pencil
trial at the time were like oh my God
this is like an episode and this isn't
part of the 30. yeah it's like a free
one yeah like especially for me when I
was first starting of like trying to get
comfortability and doing this and having
any confidence at all and like telling a
story or just just talking in General on
a show like this it was very much like I
have this list of 30. I feel confident
about this but this is ideally going to
last longer than 30 episodes how are we
gonna make this work so those
opportunities would come up I remember
one of the First episodes like we were
we established being terrible at intros
and outros very early on in the show I
want to say like episode six I opened it
was a very early episode it ran there
episode six I opened the show with the
outro like I I was like well we're
always bad at this so we might as well
just do it at the beginning so we used
to have a good outro we could use
absolutely terrifying I think that's the
first time in the show where I was like
I'm gonna do a thing without talking to
you guys about it that I don't know it's
just like a funny idea in my head did we
love it yeah it played well but it was
like I was so nervous and doing that
like it was so scary in the premise of
like holding the ball or like doing a
thing that I hadn't already told a bunch
of people and knew would work
comedically we've really played with the
medium when it comes to intros and
outros like you did the outro at the
beginning we did the one where you did
the intro at the end of the previous
episode or something we threw the ball
yeah like we've really innovated in the
intro at outro space that was one of
them where Jeff and I or Jeff's doing
the intro and you're trying to stop him
saying that there's already an intro for
this one because you've done you've done
like the legal trial on your own before
you arrived so it's just you arguing
with Jeff for like five minutes yeah I
we've done some great things I've I've
swayed back and forth on the importance
of intros and outros I feel like we're
better at them though I think so I feel
like it's sort of just a standard intro
standard outro Eric you don't think
we're better no I don't think I don't
think there's been any Improvement
whatsoever
that was hard hard indignation yeah you
could go back and listen to the
beginning of this podcast and probably
feel about the same as what they are now
I I don't I played with the medium what
are you talking about a little bit
non-linear
of intros and outros
I feel like we've we've done some things
that uh like you're trying to start the
podcast in media rests like what are you
talking about like what played with the
we've done great things and innovated
out of control this is outrageous I
think we've got some of the most
advanced interests
we've not got bug standard intros right
mainly thanks to Andrew I think that's
undeniable that would be the issue
right what you said and what I said are
the same thing
oh yeah I moved quite a bit I don't
fight the intro anymore I no longer do
that there's a period of time which I
thought that an intro was completely
unnecessary
well okay I think with this show
specifically you have zero context for
anything that ever happens like we don't
we don't set up it's not like it's green
are we in season one again is it
possible to go from season four to
season one then we'll be really playing
with a mediums medium of Seasons we're
regressing oh yeah yeah oh my God Harry
did you fix the site by the way to
display uh oh yeah [__] right I'm
dude do you like the amount of work oh
this is insane all you gotta do is just
file them into different seasons we
should just pay a kid to fix the whole
thing in like 72 hours like also give me
give me a permission to organize his
face into seasons on our site and I'll
do it yeah go for it okay permission hey
permission grants
for us congratulations you're in literal
site eligible to go on in and fix some
stuff go nuts buddy God bless it's like
it's like giving a child a toy car wheel
and telling him he's driving is what
just happened
do some laps I'll be here
gave me verbal permission actually
yeah God damn hey uh by the way Andrew
we haven't talked about it but how I oh
time to give the dog his pill uh how are
you uh enjoying this season of Survivor
I keep meaning to ask you yeah it's been
great I think overall uh like a few hit
or miss episodes uh but I think
generally speaking it's been a really
good season it's a huge Improvement on
season 41. I feel like they took every
new mechanic and tweaked it and improved
it well they filmed them both at the
same time so like well it has yeah like
the cat I don't understand so they have
the shot in the dark mechanic and one of
the more recent episodes Jeff Probst is
like we've changed it from a one and six
to a two and twelve and I was like well
what's the point I don't understand why
you've done it yeah I think the same
odds yeah I don't I don't get why they
they flip that what I'm excited about
take it back to where we started they
are now like CBS is doing a version of
the challenge that is like a team of
Survivor contestants a team of Big
Brother a team theme of The Challenge
like it's a show where it's like
different groups like clearly defined
Jonathan who's on this season of
Survivor is 100 gonna be on the
challenge and I cannot wait to see that
he'll be so great on that show it's just
it's like such a perfect fit for him I
don't know why he wouldn't and I don't
know why they wouldn't ask him the guy's
a beast are you watching the season gav
are you finally catching up yeah and I'm
pretty sure that he said that because
there's two tribes before wasn't it so
they would have had to have been a one
in six chance but now everyone's merged
so it's like a two and he says odds are
the same but there's there's more yeah I
guess we've never seen a scenario where
like five people have attempted the shot
in the dark at the same time yeah he's
gotta be the most physically dominant
uh contestant in the history of Survivor
right I mean like Ozzy was that was
really good he does entire tribe
challenges on his own he was like
throwing people yeah he just does
everything himself and wins it's like
everyone else is irrelevant he did that
one challenge in the water where they
just had to shut the challenge down he
was like he did it by himself and then
no everybody else gets around yeah and
then there was that one just recently
where the other team had like four balls
in the hoop and his team had none so he
just climbed out of the water and threw
five balls in and it was over that
episode where he and Mike are like
having that I don't know I feel like
maybe we even talked about this already
but other than that conversation they're
bonding over how hard it is to have
muscles yes yeah that's fine I'm so glad
you brought that up one of I think the
funniest things in Survivor ever has
been this season that Mike keeps putting
himself in the same category as Jonathan
I love it and he always does it he's
like yeah they always Target the big
guys like Jonathan and I just like you
are not you're in a different League I
really liked the guy who went home but
he was like kept dropping [__] and
losing [__] and he like dropped bikes I
was like you never gave it to me I gave
it back to you it was on the floor in
the open
challenge thing like as far as dominant
people on the Shoguns there's this guy
named James who was in a bunch of
Seasons who had the fantastic job as
Gravedigger and he was just jacked and
they had this challenge where you're in
the water and the idea was you had two
poles and you'd have two people in the
water hold the polls and the person
would step on one and then move to the
other and the person with the PO like
they just keep moving so you'd go like
one step at a time when one person held
you up James was so strong that he could
just carry the person the whole way so
like somebody would hop on the pole and
then he'd lift it and he'd just walk
across to the other side and they'd hop
off as opposed to the other team having
to do it properly so they like never did
that challenge again or they tweaked it
I think they changed it in some way
because he just he he broke it they
didn't expect anybody being so strong
and they just finished it immediately
it's a great season yeah it's fun to
watch we're a reality TV show podcast oh
is that the new phase we are a reality
TV show I guess we kind of always spoke
with it but yeah well we're above I
guess we're I think we're done with
Buffalo yeah unless Andrew wants to try
a hot bovril I I will try it next time
all right we uh I feel like we extracted
more joy out of bovral than uh probably
the collective uh population of Earth
using it as actual sustenance you might
be right bottle should pay us yeah
Andrew have you been in contact with
buffer I have not been in contact with
bovral should I be in contact with Bravo
well maybe get something going I don't
know if uh what I've done with the
bobber product Oh my God I just had a
great idea okay I just had a great idea
great idea think about this shirt that
says buffer Drinker no no no we're not
I'm just not some shitty merchandise I
can't sell people here's an idea
what did we used to be we used to be an
apple podcast right for a time and we we
flirt with apples occasionally we're
obviously we're medium uh Cosmic Chris
fans uh what do people like to do in the
fall with apples Saida they like to Bob
for apples what if you have bothering
for apples you get like a big drum you
fill it with you you fill it with Bobble
and you have to Bob for apples no put
your arms behind your head and dunk your
head into to bother and pull out an
apple bobbing for apples
that's an experienced RTX it doesn't
matter that there's you know covered or
whatever everyone can be evolving for
apples in the same juice I don't want to
go into someone else's Bob we have got
to at some point in our Collective
future Bob for apples bobro might have
some antiseptic properties that we don't
know about that's true I I would buff
for Apple I think you and I Jeff could
make a supplemental where we Bob for
apples I think that's a great idea you
also speaking of supplementals uh you
also need to make a Gavin's uh Italian
pizza at my in my uh my [__] backyard
yeah gotta clear out the spiders and
scorpions in there yeah we can do that
oh man okay
I got excited he brought up Cosmic Chris
I have one I'm gonna I'm gonna wash away
yeah we all do everybody's got one in
their [__] fridge right now right
we're waiting a year to eat them well
yeah I do but I mean like I've had one
that I can eat now I bought Cosmic
crisps over the weekend I'll be honest I
forgot to put mine in in the fridge oh
God damn it I might just need half of
yours Jeff yeah that's fine you can have
half of mine I doubt I doubt I'll get
through it one year from now wonder when
are we supposed to do that I wrote the
date on my in a year so I'll have to
yeah well [__] obviously I know and
then what date all right hold up let me
go check my let me go check my apple and
I'll tell you I'll be right back Andrew
when does the Redemption year end
alone
gear too right did you just take a bite
of an apple yeah I did yeah you didn't
everybody's clearing his palette with a
I well I didn't think he was actually
doing it and then you asked him a
question and I heard the biggest like
horse style Chomp I take horse bites I
love apples what can I say I'm trying to
get the beef out of my mouth Eric a
little beefy in here the beef is what
lingered not all the salad cream what
was the pop that that you didn't have or
yeah
that's sad but now you can you can enjoy
that one you know I I don't I'm done
with popsicles for a while
ruined popsicle oh I'm sorry that's
absolutely for a little bit I got some
good news and some bad news
oh December December 9th 2022 is the
date we need to do it all that uh I
picked out I have my I have a Ziploc bag
with my Apple in it and that says in
Sharpie do not open until December 9th
2022. uh however when I picked that up
out of the back of my fridge the Apple
sort of collapsed in on itself and it is
a big mushy crabappley looking mess we
are going to get very very sick when we
eat this what happened you try was it
not ice uh clean when it went in it was
clean and sealed Jeff has the [__] up
fridge I do have a [__] up fridge we
need to talk about the why do we trust
him what's your Apple's condition Andrew
on my Apple's condition uh let me what's
in the fridge downstairs oh you don't
like changing floors you want me to go
run and see yeah what do you want to see
I'll try I'll go check I'll go check it
is so mushy I like this because it's
sort of the halfway point yeah that
doesn't bode well maybe when I get the
new fridge in 17 years I can put another
one in and try it try it again
oh my God it looks heinous did you place
the order for any fridge yeah I talked
about in the podcast didn't I yeah I
just don't remember if you pulled the
trigger or not oh I pulled the [__]
trigger that's why it's uh get it next
next February on next go up yeah Justin
Timberlake maybe we should have a bit of
food that we keep for episode a thousand
like do you do you have any food that
you'd want to buy now and eat in 17 and
a half years yeah I'm sure I do like a
tin of beans or something probably keep
what if we oh
what if we bury what if we do a what if
we do like a 10-year pinhole
so I have a confession to make oh I've
some good news and I have some bad news
so during
during the time in which uh remember how
I said I had that stretch for like a
month and a half where I really my I
injured my ankle really badly yeah
you're in bed for like a month yeah so
one of those times uh during that
stretch I was really hungry I didn't
feel like
laughs and I didn't I didn't feel like I
was both hungry and thirsty and I
thought and I thought I can't go get
food and I'm I don't want to walking to
the sink is difficult like even that is
painful I took the cosmic crisp for that
we were holding on for a year and I ate
it I ate it that evening under the plan
of I will immediately buy another and
then just replace it and it will be the
same you can't be trusted to do anything
I I have not been able to find Cosmic
crisps until Sunday when I bought the
bottle so the bag of cosmic crisps I
have are for the next iteration of the
one year wait so even off to Jeff's
description of his Apple yours is in
worst condition uh mine is yes yes it is
it is
somewhere it is long gone
um so out of the three of us I'm the
only one who can follow [__]
directions well I follow the directions
I just got thirsty and it was very late
well I knew it was fell apart Jeff so we
got nothing it's still in the bag and
it's still it's just mushy it's still an
apple we're still gonna eat it yeah
we'll keep yours in and I'm throwing
mine in um
you two [__] just hard hard
salad creamed our Apple experiment no
both of you I got Andrew's salad creamed
it because he deliberately ate it and
what did you do never even start step
one I think you're much worse than I
mine was originally on my desk at work
and then I was like oh I never put it in
the fridge went to get it it's gone did
you take it did someone take it no I I
never put it in I I even stopped myself
I think I told the story I stopped
myself from Super lunar to your desk
because I was in the process of doing it
and then I thought oh he might need this
and I don't want to ruin a cosmic crisp
so I treated it with respect much like
the competition all right well I can
start at the same time as Andrew yeah
well we'll have three different
iterations you got the one year apple
and we'll have the whatever seven months
or whatever it is well let's be fair
Jeff has to put his it again anyway no
we'll just eat what's left of what what
I mean it might be apple soup by then
but we'll eat it Nick has a good point
salad creaming involves an action Gavin
didn't get that phone with the Apple so
I was pre-cream I don't want to talk
pre-cream right now my stomach is in a
it's in a bad way why is my doorbell
ringing Andrew you didn't send me
anything did you I didn't send you
Henry's pissed Eric says that's the
wrap-up Bell yeah I agree with that I
think uh I should get credit for
confessing to my crimes yeah it was very
honest of you and I think uh you would
have continued lying to us for the next
eight months had we not brought it up it
was a very when you asked me to check
the status of my Apple there was a
little bit of a panic I like that you
went anyway no I leaned back in my chair
and I just kept eating the Apple I was
eating and then I almost choked on it I
almost started coughing so wait that
from it was it in your bedroom fridge it
was yeah it's in my bar because because
what you said you were gonna go
downstairs and check I was like well how
did he get to it then that was the thing
yeah well no it was that was all I left
it in there but this one I will not
touch it's a promise what if you wreck
your ankle again ah that I will die I
will die of thirst before I touch that
Cosmic Chris I like that you went for
the Apple for the for the liquid in it
that's why I went because they're so
[__] juicy I was thirsty I was more
as thirsty than hungry and I didn't I
didn't have anything to do so we'll
we'll do this experiment again and just
hope that for the span of 300 165 days
Andrew doesn't get slightly
inconvenienced or thirsty at any point
now
I was I couldn't walk
he describes half
no this was a different thing I was this
is different dude you you almost you
almost ended up bedridden again because
you got to get excited to stand up to
get in line last week no no no no no no
I didn't I was fine like that was
there's no issue this was a different
that was a different thing Eric wants
the podcast to be over there needs to be
I agree but there needs to be some
[__] ramifications for people going
forward who salad cream this apple
experiment accountability Nick is right
I feel like I was very accountable I
would argue I was the most accountable
here you cost us five months of an
experiment because no thirsty for apples
what about what about this I'll I'll put
mine in now and I'll leave it two years
it's not supposed to be good for two
years it's only supposed to be good for
a year I'll leave it doesn't sound like
it's good for a year anyway yeah not in
my not in my whack-ass fridge
I like you're coming at us for [__]
screwing up the experiments
I got an apple in a fridge right now
that's been there since December 9th of
last year so I can put it in any fridge
do I need to plug the fridge and you
have a broken fridge there have been
three different level levels of effort
and the result is the same for everyone
there's no apple to eat no I got an
apple we're gonna eat we're just gonna
die eating it you're gonna eat a bag of
mush it's already it's already a
collapses
we are going to eat a bag of mush we you
and I together we already said so before
you know it was gross you've already
agreed if you can put it in the next
Bean hole it's like I don't know do like
an apple dish maybe maybe we'll both for
me that's interesting buffer mush oh man
yeah we throw it in with the bobbing for
apple and if you get that one you lose
in a lot of ways
oh all right well uh yeah I guess we'll
talk to you next time tell people or
don't listen again maybe uh buy some
[__] or don't whatever uh I'm putting
the same amount of effort into the outro
that Andrew put into the well I'd rather
I should say the Gavin put into the
Apple contest so see you next week
I don't know we'll be here probably
maybe we won't I don't know I hope so
tune in to find out or don't tune in to
find out we'll never know bye we're
really playing with the medium there
hey guys regular fan Jack here with a
look at next week's episode of Face do
you know Jeff co-stars in another
podcast about theme parks Gavin tells
everyone about his favorite podcast
called annual pass Penn talks about how
roller coasters are better than Bagels
Jeff discovers g-forces the boys decide
that annual pass is a much better
podcast to listen to than face annual
pass releases every Thursday anywhere
you get your podcasts and once again
Andrew does not eat the pencil all that
and more on next week's episode of
annual pass